README.md, before:

## Hi, I'm James
I am an aspiring software developer who loves learning about and building with Go and Python.
I'm looking for a full time role, so if you know of anyone looking to hire an entry level role, please reach out!
### Currently Learning From 🏫:
* [Boot.Dev](https://www.boot.dev/)
* [Test With Go](https://testwithgo.com/)
### Currently Working On 👷:
* [FitHub](https://github.com/kairos4213/fithub)
### Currently Reading 📚:
* [Coding Interview Patterns: Nail Your Next Coding Interview](https://www.amazon.com/Coding-Interview-Patterns-Nail-Your/dp/1736049135)
<!--
**kairos4213/kairos4213** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Enhance README with detailed personal background
Expanded personal introduction and background in operations.

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'm James
I am an aspiring software developer with a background in operations and a proven record of solving workflow challenges through automation. I love learning about and building with Go and Python. I first discovered my passion for programming by building a time-conversion system in Excel, which sparked a deeper interest in software development, automation, and process improvement.

I'm looking for a full time role, so if you know of anyone looking to hire an entry level role, please reach out!
### Currently Learning From 🏫:
* [Boot.Dev](https://www.boot.dev/)
* [Test With Go](https://testwithgo.com/)
### Currently Working On 👷:
* [FitHub](https://github.com/kairos4213/fithub)
### Currently Reading 📚:
* [Coding Interview Patterns: Nail Your Next Coding Interview](https://www.amazon.com/Coding-Interview-Patterns-Nail-Your/dp/1736049135)
<!--
**kairos4213/kairos4213** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
